DO NOT MERGE: Temperature units (#1)
larsbarring/cf-conventions: appe.adoc

| `mode` | __u__ | Mode (most common value)

| `range` | __u__ | Absolute difference between maximum and minimum^(*)^

| `root_mean_square` | __u__ | Root mean square (RMS)

| `standard_deviation` | __u__ | Standard deviation^(*)^

| `sum_of_squares` | __u^2^__ | Sum of squares

| `variance` | __u^2^__ | Variance^(*)^
|===============

> ^(*)^ For temperature quantities these methods imply a change from a "position_on_scale" quantity to a "difference" quantity. cf Section 3.1.1 for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^(*)^ For temperature quantities these methods imply a change from a position-on-scale quantity to a difference quantity. See <<special-units>> for details.
```
